5 years ago I said I never stole anything
You don't believe
I said this marrow is my defect
You still don't believe
Because you only want to believe what Jiang Li said
And I didn't grow up with you
In your eyes
My biological child, the biological brother of a compatriot
It's just something that wants to steal from the Liangjiang family
Steal his credit for you
But the facts were there.
What? Who are you?
Framed me for stealing 5 years ago
I said I want to retrieve the surveillance at home
Which of you went to retrieve the surveillance?
Donation doesn't hurt that
Dr. Zhao who wronged me
Has been arrested for taking bribes
You still don't want to believe that I was wronged
Because you only want to believe in yourself.
The things you want to believe
Then you mean we are biased.
Xiaoli, if it weren't for your bad character
How could we be biased? Forget it.
I don't want to explain any more
Those who are biased will never feel biased
Besides, I have nothing to do with the Jiang family anymore
The history of your Jiang family has nothing to do with me